307 Preliminary Draft of Return Value Tutorial (#327)
casper-network/docs: source/docs/casper/dapp-dev-guide/tutorials/return-values-tutorial.md

# Interacting with Runtime Return Values

Users interacting with the Casper Network must keep in mind the differences between session and contract code. Session code executes entirely within the context of the initiating account, where contract code executes on global state through a smart contract. Any action undertaken by a contract must initiate through an outside call, usually via session code.

> As session code executes directly from the account, there is no caller to return a value to. Instead, `runtime::ret()` allows for a contract to return information to the session code that called it. The session code can then store the returned information in a local `named_key` under the calling account.

Reviewer: Since the session code is the "caller", let's remove the mention that there is no caller. Also, the example below mentions a caller on line 44. Let's also add links to the API.
```suggestion
As session code executes directly from the account, the [runtime::ret()](https://docs.rs/casper-contract/latest/casper_contract/contract_api/runtime/fn.ret.html) function allows for a contract to return information to the session code that called it. The session code can then store the returned information in a local [NamedKey](https://docs.rs/casper-types/latest/casper_types/struct.NamedKey.html) under the calling account.
```

        // Information on the returned information.
        ret: CLType::u32,
        // Access permission for the entry point - i.e. This entry point may be used by
        // anyone due to it being 'Public'
        EntryPointAccess::Public
        // The type of entry point
        entry_point_type: EntryPointType::Contract
    );

    // Defining the adder entry point as an entry point.
    let mut entry_points = EntryPoints::new();
    entry_points.add_entry_point(adder_entry_point);

    // This creates a new contract stored under a Key::Hash at version 1.
    let (contract_hash,:ContractHash , contract_version :ContractVersion ) = storage::new_contract(
        entry_points,
        // This contract does not use named keys.
        named_keys: None,
        // These create named keys ON THE ACCOUNT that store the package hash associated with
        // the contract and the access URef that allows adding/disabling contract versions.
        hash_name: Some("adder_package_hash".to_string()),
        uref_name: Some("adder_access_uref".tostring()),
    );

    // Creates another named key with the contract hash under the calling account.

>     runtime::put_key("adder_cointract_hash", contract_hash.into());

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    runtime::put_key("adder_contract_hash", contract_hash.into());
```

        // to target, entry point targets the action within the contract that we are 
        // looking to use.
        entry_point_name: "add",
        // The runtime arguments are the variables we are providing to the entry point.
        // In the case of this example, they represent the two numbers to be added.
        runtime_args
    );

    // Option 1, which creates a new URef for each use of the adder.
    runtime::put_key(name: "result", storage::new_uref(init: result).into()) 
    
    // Option 2, which reuses the same Uref if one already exists. Otherwise, it will create a new URef.
    match runtime::get_key("result") {
        None => {
            runtime::put_key("result", storage::new_uref(init: result).into())
        }
        Some(result_key :Key) => {
            let result_uref = result_key.into_uref().unwrap_or_revert();
            storage::write(result_uref, result)
        }
    }
}

```

This session code calls the previously listed contract code by using the `contract_hash`, supplying it with two arguments: `number_1` and `number_2`. It does so through the defined entry point named `add`.

> When the session code receives the return value, it stores it in a `named_key` associated with the calling account. The first option creates a new `named_key` every time that it calls the contract. Option 2 only creates a new `named_key` if there is no previous associated storage, otherwise it overwrites the stored value.
> 
> The user can then view the stored information by accessing their `named_key`.

Reviewer: There is no named_key variable in the code. The type is really NamedKey. Or is there a named key actually called `named_key`? This part is a bit confusing to me...

Maybe you could say something like this: 
```suggestion
When the session code receives the return value, it stores it in `result`, which is a NamedKey associated with the calling account. The first option creates a new `result` every time it calls the contract. Option 2 only creates a new `result` if there is no previous associated storage, otherwise, it overwrites the stored value.

The user can then view the stored information by accessing their NamedKey.
```
